TINYforming Mars
v1.0
by Michael Bevilacqua

TINYforming Mars is a 1-2 player game set in the distant future; where mankind has mastered the technologies needed tot turn our lifeless neighbor, Mars, into a thriving destination for humanity.

TINYforming Mars это игра для 1-2 игроков в далеком будущем, где человечество освоило технологии, необходимые для превращения нашего безжизненного соседа Марса в процветающее место для человечества.

Components:
1. Project Cards x7
2. Map Cards x2
3. Credits x10
4. Player Cubes: White x3, Black x3
5. Parameter Cubes: Heat (Red) x11, Greenery (Green) x7, Water (Blue) x4
6. Resource Tokens: Nature x2, Production x1, Science x1

Objective: Each player is attempting to terraform Mars by completing projects that fulfill one or more Mars` parameters for sustaining life, those being: Heat, Oxygen (provided by Greenery), and Water. The player that is able to complete more projects towards this goal, while building cities on prime Martian real estate, will be the winner.

Цель: Каждый игрок пытается терраформировать Марс, выполняя проекты, которые соответствуют одному или нескольким параметрам Марса для поддержания жизни, а именно: Тепло, Кислород (предоставленный Зеленью) и Вода. Игрок, который сможет завершить больше проектов для достижения этой цели при строительстве городов на первоклассной марсианской недвижимости, станет победителем.

Game Flow: The game takes place over several rounds, known as Generations, in which players will alternate taking turns. First the players will draft Project Cards which describe Projects that they have access to. Then, on a player`s turn, he can complete one of his own Projects, one of the Standard Projects, or pass. When both players collect income to begin the next Generation.


End Game: The three paramenters: Heat, Greenery? and Water are represented by Red, Green, and Blue Cubes, respectively. The players will acquire or place these Cubes by completing Projects and Standard Projects. When the supply of at least 2 of the 3 types have been exhausted or these are no vacant hexes on the map, that Generation will be the final Generation of the game. Jnce that Generation is over, the players will count their scores. Highest score wins.

SETUP
1. Players will decide if they want to olay the Tharsis Map or the Elysium Map and set it up in the center of the table.

2. Players will randomly determine who will be the White player and who will be the Black player. The White player starts the game and will be first in the odd Generations (rounds 1,3,5...) and the Black player will be first in the even Generations (rounds 2,4,6...). Each player takes the 3 Cubes that match the color they are playing.

3. Each player takes 5 Credit Cubes (Yellow).

4. The 3 types of Parameter Cubes (Red, Green, and Blue) are placed off to the side of Map to create a supply.

5. The 4 Resource Tokens (Nature, Production, and Science) are placed off to the side of Map to create a supply. 

6. Take the 7 Project cards and shuffle them. Once shuffled, place them at the side of the board to create Draw Desk.

7.
